Do you have a favorite dessert?
Ha, ha, ha...ha... ha...
Hmm...
I've never heard of that.  Ah  hung...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ah hang... Hmmmm..
Ahhh...  cent  (***)person  okay...?
That does sound haaaaaa..
Hmm...
Oh  hung..
Ohhhh...
It's okay.. Hmmm...
Ahh...
Ohhhh...
It's like in the same family. Family of dessert...Hmmmmm..
I'm hungry for ice cream now... Haaaaaaaaaa...Yeah
Hmmmmmmm...
Ah hung...
Ohhhh...  Ohhhhhh...  I see   I see
Hmmmm...
Hmm...
Wait that's so cool.. Ha.. ha.. ha.. .. Ah  hung...
Hu..    Hmm...
Ah  huh...
Ah huh...
Ahh... huh...
Hmm...
Ah  huh...
Ah huh..
uh-huh oh it's pie hmmmm...  like that..
(***) Hmmmmmmm...
Hmmmmmmmm...
Ha.. ha.. ha..  Ohhh... Okay..I'm gonna have to try
Ohhhhh.... okay.. okay...
Ohhhh, okay. Okay... wait...I will have to try...
Thank You..
I don't bake that much. I like cooking when I can get around to it.
but it's kind of hard to get around to
So yeah i think baking
I think I usually do it with my mom. I can't do it withour my mom.. .. Haaaaaaaaa...
I need her to tell me what to get and what to mix....I justs mix.... Haaaaaa...
Yeah..  haaaaaaa... And I enjoy it.
Ah  huh...
Okay...  hmmmmm...
from a specific place or just from anywhere?
you
Ah  huh...
Hmm.....hmmm...
Ohhhhhhhhhhh...
Ohhhhhhhhhhhh....
Ah  huh...
Hmm...
I've never heard of that before. That's cool.
Soda cake? Oh, I guess...
so it does like all the rising or like it's like
chemical like infusion oh that's interesting
Oh, that's...
Yeah, back to your other hobbies, like I really wanted to hear
He was like a bullet to me. I had him like that before.
you
Ah  huh...
Yeah.. yeah.. yeah...
Ah  huh..  Hmmmm...
Ah huh.. hmmmmmm...
Yeah... yeah... yeah... yeah..
Ah  huh..  hmmmmmmmm...
Ah  huh....
Hmm...   Ah  huh..  Ahhhhhhhhh...
Hmmm... yeah.. yeah... yeah... yeah...
yeah yeah you are different... hmmmm...
Yeah,  hmmmmmm...
Ah  huh...
Ah huh..
Ohhhh ...  I see..... (***)
Ahhhhhhhhh...
Ah  huh... Hmmmmmmm...
Ah  huh...
Hmm...
Heyyyyyyyyyyyy....
Hmmmmm... I think I..
I've only gotten the Daiso kind of
It's so cute. that.. It's like there's so many kinds.
(***)  whichever I think...
yeah it's just so tempting to get one and I probably won't use it to make some like
I have to exercise self-control but it's like, they're so cute!
Yeah, yeah.
Ah huh...
Ah huh... ah huh...
ah huh.. ahhhhhhhhhhh....